Algorithm Used for pathFinding:       Always shortest path        Movement costs       Multiple start or end points      Speed
Breadth First Search (BFS)                    V                         X                             V                  Medium
Dijkstra                                      V                         V                             V                  Slow
A*                                            ?                         V                             X                  Fast



Navigating Graph is just nodes that are connected with edges

when we found a node that is our destination we just go back with route we found to root check screenshot_8
this is how Breadth First Search (BFS) Algorithm works
it just iterates through map until it reaches the way
also you can change search direction not like clockwise(up,right,down,left) I->F->A, but like F->I->A and check nodes again and find shortest way e.g. screenshot_1

Breadth First Search (BFS) works like:
1. Choose your search direction;
2. Add the current node to the tree;
3. Add the neighbors of the current node to the tree;
4. Move to the next node in the tree;
5. If you're not at the goal, go to step 3;
6. When goal reached we want to record your journey back up the tree;
7. Reverse the list to get the path in the correct order;


Clockwise:
1. up, right, down, left
another way to search
2. down, up, left, right

bonus challenge screenshot_2 and option 1 screenshot_3 and option 2 screenshot_4

Check BroadcastMessage("Dinner") method in Unity it is like parents calling to children about dinner and all children hears it 

Check Overload Methods it is type of Polymorphism = "poly" -> many, "morphism" -> shape, many shapes
method can have the same name if they have different signatures it is like  
Instantiate(object,) or 
Instantiate(object, position, rotation); 
have same name but with arguments work differently


Post processing:
In camera effects used to change the look of your game
There is three types in Unity:
1. Profile - all the effects apply
2. Volume - contains that profile, there can be many volumes in the world with different effects
3. Layer - which sits on camera